DOCSP-35983: Run command usage example (#2852)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: docs/usage-examples/runCommand.txt

.. _laravel-run-command-usage:

=============
Run a Command
=============

> You can run a command directly on a database by calling the ``command()``

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think it could be helpful to specify that it's a MongoDB command to avoid confusion, similar to how it's used in the admonition at the end of the page.

```suggestion
You can run a MongoDB command directly on a database by calling the ``command()``
```

method on a database connection instance.

To run a command, call the ``command()`` method and specify the database command

> document inside the method call. This document includes the command name and

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think "database command document" might not be a common term, so avoiding it could also avoid having to provide the explanation in the next sentence.

```suggestion
To run a command, call the ``command()`` method and pass it a database command.
```

value.

Example
-------

This usage example performs the following actions:

- Creates a database connection instance to access the ``sample_mflix`` database
- Specifies a command to retrieve a list of collections in the ``sample_mflix`` database

> - Prints the name of each ``sample_mflix`` collection

Reviewer: Issue:

There's no reference to "sample_mflix" in the code example.

Suggestion:

I think it could be good to either describe as the database configured for your "mongodb" connection or to add some information before this list that mentions that the mongodb connection is set to sample_mflix.
